hello I cannot speak in this place
hi my name is Cheri Evans calling from
daycare do you have a moment
oh yeah how are you calling in regards
to the July first payment we never
received I gave my wife took cash on the
first to deliver okay well we never
received it that's the problem
do you think she forgot to pay no okay
this is a little uncomfortable for me
because we haven't received it yes you
have received it I was there when she
dropped it off to the front desk on July
1st do me a favor real quick D are you
holding a child yes I have my daughter
Amy yeah dude put your hand over her
mouth or something excuse me I can't
hear you with a kid drooling or whatever
is going home do you want me to put my
hand over my child's mouth well I was
just trying to say if I can you know go
somewhere a little bit more quiet is
that Jordan yes it is okay she's a
little angel by the way thank you for me
I don't know about your other one but
she's an angel all right there has to be
a misunderstanding yeah I think I think
what it is is that there it wasn't pain
because we would have record ah I know
my employees don't steal money I can you
can you do me a favor listen can you do
me a favor and put like a cheerio in the
kids mouth put a cheerio I'm sorry
hold on hurry up you have to wait man
can I talk to your supervisor your holy
favor hold on just a second he said that
they did pay on the first mm-hmm yet no
Jordan and Josh are the kids
that's I said I said Jordan is an angel
but the other ones like a little devil
big mouth sir yes patty is right now
occupied she can call you back
I heard you talk about my son okay well
you gonna come - you gonna come to the
day that's it
you gonna come to the day fairy yelling
yes I am sir what we're gonna again my
name is Claire riesen Jenkins and you've
just been phone check sir phone check
calm